#summary MkS Shell plugin help
#labels mksshell,interpreter,shell,Users-Documentation

= Introduction =

The MkS Shell plugin add a terminal like front end to our internal MkSShellInterpreter.

= Details =

The MkS Shell Interpreter is a command processing class that allow us to execute command on object without needing to deal directly with them.<br />
The MkS Shell plugin allow you to execute commands directly by hand.<br />
It's more a debugging / dev tool than something you may daily need.<br />
Usualy *red* output mean something went *wrong*, while something *green* mean something *right*.

== Short list of builtin commands: ==

 * [MkSShell#help help]: List available commands, print help for a command
 * [MkSShell#abbreviation abbreviation]: Manage abbreviations - quick way for insert syntax constructions.
 * [MkSShell#association associaton]: Configure file name to language associations.
 * [MkSShell#echo echo]: Print back the passed parameters to the output
 * [MkSShell#environment environment]: Manage system environment.(i.e. set PATH for search compilers and other software)
 * [MkSShell#parser parser]: Add and remove console output parsers.
 * [MkSShell#tools tools]: Add and remove tools - configurable menu items.



== Commands description: ==
----
=== help ===
*NAME*
       help - list available commands, print help for a command

*SYNOPSIS*
       help `[COMMAND]`

*DESCRIPTION*
       If executed without arguments - list all available commands.<br/>
       If COMMAND name given - print help information for the command.
----
=== echo ===
*NAME*
       echo - display a line of text

*SYNOPSIS*
       echo `[STRING(s)]`

*DESCRIPTION*
       Split string(s) onto arguments, and print, how it is interpreted by interpreter. This command don't have any practical reason, but can we used for test purposes. For example - test, how does special symbols escaping work, and how arguments splited.

*EXAMPLES*
{{{
MkS:/> echo hello, world
Argument: <hello,>
Argument: <world>
MkS:/> echo 'hello, world'
Argument: <'hello,>
Argument: <world'>
MkS:/> echo "hello, world"
Argument: <hello, world>
MkS:/> 
}}}
----
=== parser ===
*NAME*
       parser - allows to add and remove console output parsing patterns

*SYNOPSIS*
       parser `[add NAME REGEXP FILENAME COLUMN ROW PATTERN_TYPE PATTERN_TEXT FULL_TEXT | remove NAME REGEXP]`<br/>
       Add or remove [console parsers].<br/>
       add - add parser. Parameters listed.<br/>
       remove - remove parser by it's name and regular expression.
----