#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Release 1.8.4.0 =

Monkey Studio IDE is a cross platform Integrated Development Environment.
It run on Windows (98 up to Seven), Mac OS X (Universal ppc/x86 for 10.4 up to 10.6), Linux and Unix like.

= Changes since release 1.8.4.0b1 =

  * New locale choice dialog.
  * New threaded Search & Replace plugin :
    * Incredibly quick and powerfull.
    * Has a settings widget.
    * The RegExp search now use Qt QRegExp instead of scintilla RegExp.
    * Replace can now do partial replace based on regexp capture id (see [SearchAndReplace here]).
  * Add a new setting for set the default code editor font:
    * The font is mono-spaced by default.
    * All lexers are using the default font family and point size.
    * It's possible to update all lexers style elements to sync with default family & point size.
  * Tools has been moved to a plugin to strip the MkS core code.
  * Build Steps view is now using a custom model and does no longer freeze on heavy steps added in short lap of time.
  * Introduce a system environment variable in settings that allow to define/edit soem variables: NO CHANGES ARE MADE ON THE SYSTEM.
  * Translation files are now named using language/country code.
  * About dialog has been reworked.
  * The queued message widget is now added into the central widget layout (cause of an os x bug with unified window and title bar).
  * The reload action now does a true reload instead of closing/re opening the document.
  * Fix a crash on non kde/qt based desktops.
  * Fix a long time unknown bug that cause build errors on (mostly) 64bits architectures.

= Changes since release 1.8.3.x =

  * change 1
  * change 2